Ajoomma (Local)
Now Showing
Inspired by the director's mother, AJOOMMA is the story of a woman's journey of self-discovery, where Auntie learns to embrace her new independent life with renewed confidence and panache.
He Shuming
Hong Huifang, Jung Dong-Hwan, Kang Hyung Suk, Yeo Jingoo
Black Adam
Now Showing
Nearly 5,000 years after he was bestowed with the almighty powers of the Egyptian gods -- and imprisoned just as quickly -- Black Adam is freed from his earthly tomb, ready to unleash his unique form of justice on the modern world.
Jaume Collet-Serra
Dwayne Johnson, Aldis Hodge, Noah Centineo, Sarah Shahi, Marwan Kenzari, Quintessa Swindell
Come Back Home (M)
Now Showing
In the cold winter, a group of Shenzhen tourist families take a trip to the northeast Changbai Mountain. It was originally intended to be a happy and harmonious holiday, but due to the negligence of his father, an 8-year-old boy is unfortunately lost. The parents seek assistance from the relevant local authorities, and the search and rescue operation begins immediately. The golden rescue time of 24 hours passes, followed by the routine safety limit of 48 hours, but the child is still nowhere to be found. Even if there is little hope, the father and the search and rescue teams will not give up.
Lo Chi Leung
Donnie Yen, Han Xue, Tang Xu, Jia Bing, Hou Tianlai, Xu Guangyu, Yuan Jinhui, Cai Xin, Lin Chenhan, Hu Ming
DC League Of Super-Pets
Now Showing
In "DC League of Super-Pets," Krypto the Super-Dog and Superman are inseparable best friends, sharing the same superpowers and fighting crime in Metropolis side by side. When Superman and the rest of the Justice League are kidnapped, Krypto must convince a rag-tag shelter pack-Ace the hound, PB the potbellied pig, Merton the turtle and Chip the squirrel-to master their own newfound powers and help him rescue the superheroes.
Jared Stern
Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Kate McKinnon, John Krasinski, Vanessa Bayer, Natasha Lyonne, Diego Luna, Thomas Middleditch, Ben Schwartz, Keanu Reeves
Deleted (Local)
Now Showing
The story starts with a Malaysian police detective - Chia Zhong Yi. In his desperate search for his daughter Hazel who was being kidnapped by child traffickers. He unintentionally caused grievous hurt to a male suspect in a moment of rashness. As a consequence of his actions, he was convicted and sentenced to 3 years in prison.
Ken Ng Lai Huat
Zheng Ge Ping, Vincent Ng, Fattah Amin, Dato Rosyam Nor, Tien Hsin, Zhu Hou Ren, Henley Hii, Jack Neo, Pablo Amirul
Marvel Studios' Black Panther: Wakanda Forever
Now Showing
Queen Ramonda (Angela Bassett), Shuri (Letitia Wright), M'Baku (Winston Duke), Okoye (Danai Gurira) and the Dora Milaje (including Florence Kasumba), fight to protect their nation from intervening world powers in the wake of King T'Challa's death. As the Wakandans strive to embrace their next chapter, the heroes must band together with the help of War Dog Nakia (Lupita Nyong'o) and Everett Ross (Martin Freeman) and forge a new path for the kingdom of Wakanda.
Ryan Coogler
Angela Bassett, Letitia Wright, Winston Duke, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Lupita Nyong'o, Martin Freeman, Tenoch Huerta, Dominique Thorne, Michaela Coel, Mabel Cadena and Alex Livanalli
Mrs Harris Goes To Paris
Now Showing
MRS. HARRIS GOES TO PARIS is the enchanting tale of a seemingly ordinary British housekeeper whose dream to own a couture Christian Dior gown takes her on an extraordinary adventure to Paris.
Anthony Fabian
Lesley Manville, Isabelle Huppert, Lambert Wilson, Alba Baptista, Lucas Bravo, Ellen Thomas
Smile
Preview
After witnessing a bizarre, traumatic incident involving a patient, Dr. Rose Cotter (Sosie Bacon) starts experiencing frightening occurrences that she can't explain. As an overwhelming terror begins taking over her life, Rose must confront her troubling past in order to survive and escape her horrifying new reality.
Parker Finn
Sosie Bacon,Jessie T. Usher,Kyle Gallner, Robin Weigert, Caitlin Stasey
Something In The Dirt
Coming Soon
When neighbors John (Aaron Moorhead) and Levi (Justin Benson) witness supernatural events in their Los Angeles apartment building, they realize documenting the paranormal could inject some fame and fortune into their wasted lives. An ever-deeper, darker rabbit hole, their friendship frays as they uncover the dangers of the phenomena, the city and each other.
Aaron Moorhead,Justin Benson
Justin Benson, Aaron Moorhead, Sarah Adina Smith
Ticket To Paradise
End of Showing
George Clooney and Julia Roberts reunite on the big screen as exes who find themselves on a shared mission to stop their lovestruck daughter from making the same mistake they once made. From Working Title, Smokehouse Pictures and Red Om Films, Ticket to Paradise is a romantic comedy about the sweet surprise of second chances.
TBA
George Clooney, Julia Roberts
